now hundreds of young Israelis are
Marching to the keset in West Jerusalem
to demand the return of captives from
Gaza it comes as pressure mounts on
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu to do
more to secure the release of the
129 still being held by Hamas Laura Khan
joins us now outside the knesset in West
Jerusalem and Laura um how big are these
demonstrations they seem pretty large
behind
you
well they have been dispersed throughout
Jerusalem throughout West Jerusalem in
the last hour or so now they are coming
together outside the Israeli knesset the
center of power of Israel and they're
here with a message to release the
captives and they say now so they have
been shouting now now they are walking
down the hill as soon as far as we can
see there are at least hundreds of
people on their way there are stages set
up
and people here that there's around
129 captives still being held in Gaza
people here are very afraid for their
health and for their lives there so
they're putting a huge amount of
pressure on the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu and his cabinet to
release the captives now and I just want
to show you where they're marching they
can't reach the Israeli knesset because
the knesset is quite far um well it's
blocked from here and the security
services have blocked them however there
is the Ministry of Finance just in front
and to the right is the ministry of
interior so they are here to send a very
strong message they have been protesting
all week they actually started um the
protest in Tel Aviv and they have
marched all the way 70 kilometers from
Tel Aviv it's taken around a week they
started on Sunday and this will be their
end point um there are stages set up for
them they are already making speeches
there's been music so it's very well
organized but certainly a huge amount of
pressure and there is a big Gulf at the
moment between them asking for the
captives to be released and what is
actually happening on the ground as they
continue the air strike they continue
artillery and of course those people are
caught up in it l c for us there in West
Jerusalem thank you